Guess if you know, [music]
but the way you park your car sideways,
>> [singing]
>> that ain't bootleg.
See, [music] you're the kind of person
who
making out with loving and leaving
[music] fast.
Guess I must be dumb. I'm going to park
you full of horses. Shorty, [music]
that's something new.
And they were settling [singing]
night just to make you all right. And I
say, "What if I got to lose?" [music]
Honey, I'll [singing] say little red
Corvette.
>> [music]
>> Baby, you must do that.
Little red Corvette. [music and singing]
You need a love and a Corvette. Hey,
hey, [singing] little [music] red
Corvette.
Baby, you must do that.
>> [singing]
>> Little red [music] Corvette.
You need a love and a
Corvette. Going to go Going to go Going
to go Going to go Going to go Going to
go Going to [music and singing] go Going
to go Going to go Going to go
That's what you are.
>> [music]